refactor: ingest data (#1123)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/nightly/en/user-guide/ingest-data/overview.md

### Observability Scenarios

- [Prometheus Remote Write](./for-observerbility/prometheus.md): Integrate GreptimeDB as remote storage for Prometheus, suitable for real-time monitoring and alerting.
- [Vector](./for-observerbility/vector.md): Use GreptimeDB as a sink for Vector, ideal for complex data pipelines and diverse data sources.
- [OpenTelemetry](./for-observerbility/opentelemetry.md): Collect and export telemetry data to GreptimeDB for detailed observability insights.
- [Telegraf](./for-observerbility/telegraf.md): Ingest data from various sources to GreptimeDB using Telegraf, suitable for monitoring and performance analysis.

### IoT Scenarios

- [SQL INSERT](./for-iot/sql.md): A straightforward method for inserting data.
- [gRPC SDK](./for-iot/grpc-sdks/overview.md): Offers efficient, high-performance data ingestion, particularly suited for real-time data applications and complex IoT infrastructures.
- [InfluxDB Line Protocol](./for-iot/influxdb-line-protocol.md): A widely-used protocol for time-series data, facilitating migration from InfluxDB to GreptimeDB.

> - [EMQX](./for-iot/emqx.md): An MQTT broker supporting massive device connections, can be used to ingest data to GreptimeDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EMQX](./for-iot/emqx.md): An MQTT broker supporting massive device connections, can ingest data to GreptimeDB directly.
```
